Updating Aditya's Info (#65)
uw-echospace/group-website: content/authors/adkris/_index.md

- Researchers
---

I am a student at the University of Washington majoring in Electrical Engineering and pursuing Digital Signal Processing and Neural Engineering concentrations. I am expected to graduate the Spring of 2024 and am interested in pursuing graduate research after my bachelor's degree.

> My core competency is in programming, with an expertise in Python and Java. I am currently studying how signal processing methods are used in passive acoustic monitoring projects to address project-specific goals and aid in ecological conservation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My core competency is in programming, with an expertise in Python and Java. I am currently applying signal processing techniques in passive acoustic monitoring of bats with a goal toward (?) ecological conservation.
```
I shortened the sentence a bit, but not sure about the goal part, hence the "?"

Author: Honestly, I'll keep it as "toward ecological conservation" but the more I think about it, I am starting to see bats as a very interesting system to study on multiple levels (echolocation, bioindicators, social dynamics) so my goal feels really to just study bats haha.

> At Echospace, I am developing and applying computational methods on echolocation data to understand the foraging and social behaviors of bats in the wild. We collect our echolocation data from local bat colonies by deploying AudioMoths, which are autonomous recording units, at the Union Bay Natural Area, beside the Husky Football Stadium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Echospace, I am developing and applying computational methods on echolocation data to understand the foraging and social behaviors of bats in the wild. We collect our echolocation data from local bat colonies by deploying autonomous recording units (AudioMoths [ADD LINK]), at the Union Bay Natural Area [ADD LINK] right bu the UW Husky Football Stadium.
```
The ADD LINK parts are suggestions, you can decide if you actually want them hyperlinked.

Author: Added a link to the Audiomoth page! Good suggestion!
